docs: Update page titles, section landing pages, and side TOC (#16760)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/extend/index.md

> If that sounds like you, then continue reading to get started.

Reviewer: I think the opening section needs to be rewritten because this page is now only about extending ESLint while the current text in this section is mostly about contributing to ESLint.

Author: addressed in aaad16323

## [Create Plugins](plugins)

> You've developed library-specific rules for ESLint and you want to share them with the community. You can publish an ESLint plugin on npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You've developed custom rules for ESLint and you want to share them with the community. You can publish an ESLint plugin on npm.
```

Plugins don't have to be library-specific.

## [Custom Rules](custom-rules)

This section explains how to create and modify rules to use with ESLint.

## [Custom Formatters](custom-formatters)

This section explains how you can create a custom formatter to control what ESLint outputs.

## [Custom Parsers](custom-parsers)

> If you aren't going to use the default parser of ESLint, this section explains about using custom parsers.

Reviewer: While here, I think we should update this description because the linked page explains how to create custom parsers, not how to use custom parsers.

Author: addressed in aaad16323
